Sensor fusion is part of the perception stack.
In particular, sensor fusion involves many different sensor modalities
or types of sensors that help a robot or a computer perceive its surrounding environment.
Different sensors have their own strengths and weaknesses.
In this program, you'll learn about the strengths and weaknesses of LiDAR,
camera and radar sensors.
But all sensors have their own different types of strengths and weaknesses.
You'll also learn how to fuse together sensor data.
If a camera sees an object in the distance
and a radar also sees an object in the distance,
it can be difficult to know if that's the same object or two different objects.
That's why we fuse together sensor data
in order to gain a cohesive understanding of the world.
This fusion involves uncertainty.
It's impossible to know exactly what the world around us looks like.
Even with my own eyes,
if I see an object in the distance,
I have a sense of how far away it is but I don't know for certain.
I have an uncertainty bound around my perception of the distance of that object.
Over the course of this Nanodegree Program,
you'll learn how to work with many different types of sensors and how to fuse that data
together and how to account for the uncertainty that's
inherent in perception in sensor fusion in particular.